James Traub - Solo Project 
https://github.com/projects-and-algos-april-2020/event-mgr.git

My Solo Project allows prospective college students to manage higher education event data via web portal.

My Solo Project MVP has the following functionality;
    1. Allow students to create a login account on the web portal and if desired add additional demographic data. Facebook and Twitter integration should be allowed to send event relared updates.
    2. Allow students to fill out a form that creates a simple web page similar to a business card (tiny URL?) and provide a URL containing the students name?
    3. Facebook and Twitter to send event registration updates.
    4. Allow students to register for events with the option to cancel. The event information should be viewable on the student dashboard.


Product Backlog
Focus - Organization Event Manager and Systems Administrator 
Add the functionality required by an administrator to manage events hosted by 
her/his organization. That functionality includes the following;
    1. Create and archive short-term event database(s).
    2. Store user documents without conversion to the file type or data in a file system or imported as a csv file to a secure database was the ultimate goal.
    3. Create module to manage accounts, users, event participants, and events.
    4. Provide data management interface for searching and troubleshooting data related issues.
    5. Provide customer with access to front-end source code (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, React, jQuery)
    5. Create reports and user interface to run generic reports 

Focus - Student Account User
1. Create functionality to create, print, and archive event badges for event participants.
2. Allow the end user to register for events from within the app to save the data.
3. Allow the end user to store a limited number of education related files such as grades and tests. Files should be should not be saved in the database. The file name and server directory path should be saved allowing the file to be saved to a folder on a hard drive.


Focus - Database Tables
student_accounts
user_accounts
events
event_participants
student_webcard
event_badges


